[Music]
you can also connect external
microphones to the app to enhance the
audio quality of your videos when
connecting either wired or Wireless
external mics the screen will show that
it is connected the audio meter is the
purple bar on the left if you are using
two microphones the app will pick up on
this and show two audio meter channels
one audio meter channel will be shown if
only one microphone is connected you
also have the option to connect
Bluetooth microphones by enabling this
feature in the camera options if you are
just using your iPhone mic you have two
settings you can switch between when
going to camera options you will see the
choice to switch the stereo mic on or
off when the stereo mic is off you will
be using mono audio your phone will
isolate the voice of the person speaking
when the stereo mic is on you will be
using stereo audio and your phone will
try to pick up as much sound as possible
to create a more immersive experience